cr (#1)
natimati/Portfolio: README.md

> # Portfolio Web Page - Beata Suścicka i Natalia Mateusiak

Reviewer: Except for some small linguistic mistakes it's written well - good README is makes a good expression on the project reviewer. Good job with that

Reviewer 2: I agree, the readme is great 👍🏻

## Introduction:

> We are Beata & Natalia, and this is our portfolio web! We’ve been friends since hight school. We’ve always loved creating  projects together. A year ago we discover a new passion - designing web apps. That’s how we started our jouney with UX/UI design and coding. We’re glad that you visit us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are Beata & Natalia, and this is our portfolio web! We’ve been friends since high school. We’ve always loved creating  projects together. A year ago we discover a new passion - web app design. That’s how we started our journey with UX/UI design and coding. We’re glad that you visit us!
```

## Used technologies:

- [React v 18.1.0](https://reactjs.org)
- [Styled-Component](https://styled-components.com/)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com)
- [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [EmailJS](https://www.emailjs.com/)
- [React slideshow](https://react-slideshow-image.netlify.app/)
- [reCAPTCHA](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/)

## Project assumptions:

> We love to work together and we always very excited to creating new things. Thats why we came up with the idea to combine business with pleasure and improve our skills in designing and creating web applications. You're looking at our first project, which is also way to present ourselfs and our other (future) projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We love to work together and we are always very excited about creating new things. That's why we came up with the idea to combine business with pleasure and improve our skills in design and web applications development. You're looking at our first project, which is also a way to present us and our other (future) projects. 
```
